penama        # look at 1sg
penaman       # look at 2sg
penank        # look at 3sg
penamelit     # look at 3’
penamenk      # look at 1p
penamankw     # look at 12
penamekw      # look at 2p
penamihtit    # look at 3p
penamink      # look at X

meshenema     # get 1sg
mesheneman    # get 2sg
meshenink     # get 3sg
meshenemelit  # get 3’
meshenemenk   # get 1p
meshenemankw  # get 12
meshenemekw   # get 2p
meshenemihtit # get 3p
meshenemink   # get X

petao         # bring 1sg
petaon        # bring 2sg
petakw        # bring 3sg
petulit       # bring 3’
petaenk       # bring 1p
petaonkw      # bring 12
petaekw       # bring 2p
petuhtit      # bring 3p
petunk        # bring X

nema          # see 1sg
neman         # see 2sg
nenk          # see 3sg
nemelit       # see 3’
nemenk        # see 1p
nemankw       # see 12
nemekw        # see 2p
nemhitit      # see 3p
nemink        # see X

michia        # eat 1sg 
michian       # eat 2sg
michit        # eat 3sg
michilit      # eat 3’
michienk      # eat 1p
michiankw     # eat 12
michiekw      # eat 2p
michihtit     # eat 3p
michink       # eat X
